Add docs for CircleCI, Gitlab, and Tekton (#243)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/tools/tekton.md

+++
title="Tekton"
+++

[Tekton][tekton] is an open-source CI/CD system platform implementation running on k8s. There are two Tekton `tasks`

> maintained by the CNB project, both of which use the [lifecycle][lifecycle] directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintained by the CNB project, both of which use the [lifecycle][lifecycle] directly (i.e. they do not use `pack`).
```

<!--more-->
They are:
1. [buildpacks][buildpacks-task] `task` &rarr; This task, which we recommend using, calls the `creator` binary of the 
   [lifecycle][lifecycle] to construct, and optionally publish, a runnable image.
1. [buildpacks-phases][buildpacks-phases] `task` &rarr; This task calls the individual [lifecycle][lifecycle] binaries, to
run each phase in a separate container.

## Set Up

> > NOTE: Prior to installing `Tekton`, we recommend reviewing the basic Tekton concepts. Documentation for that can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Prior to installing `Tekton`, we recommend reviewing the basic Tekton concepts in the [documentation][tekton-concepts].
```

> > found [here][tekton-concepts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
